Robotic Perception in Agri-food Manipulation: A Review
Jack Foster1, Mazvydas Gudelis2 Amir Ghalamzan E.3
School of Computer Science,
University of Lincoln, UK
Abstract— To better optimise the global food supply chain,
robotic solutions are needed to automate tasks currently com-
pleted by humans. Namely, phenotyping, quality analysis and
harvesting are all open problems in the ﬁeld of agricultural
robotics. Robotic perception is a key challenge for autonomous
solutions to such problems as scene understanding and object
detection are vital prerequisites to any grasping tasks that a
robot may undertake. This work conducts a brief review of
modern robot perception models and discusses their efﬁcacy
within the agri-food domain.
I. INTRODUCTION
The global food chain is under increasing stress due
to pressures from a growing population, climate change,
and socio-political factors [1]. Autonomous robotics are a
key component of global food chain transformation. An
important aspect of agri-food robotics is the application of
dexterous manipulators to manage high value crop, reducing
the need for skilled human workers. Robust computer vision
pipelines are necessary to allow an agent to understand its
environment, to identify and locate objects of interest and
to complete the task it has been assigned.
Some of the primary perception challenges are image
classiﬁcation and segmentation, as well as object detection
and tracking. Image classiﬁcation is simply the process of
assigning a class label to an image (e.g. whether or not
the image contains a banana or a strawberry) [2]. Object
detection is distinct from classiﬁcation as, while each object
may still be classiﬁed, its location within the image is
also identiﬁed and given as output from the model [3].
Object segmentation is similar to detection but creates a
pixel-wise mask for the object instead of a bounding box
representation. Object segmentation is traditionally divided
into two sections: semantic and instance [4]. The aim of
semantic segmentation is to anticipate labels for object
classes like strawberry and leaf, while instance segmentation
separates instances of the same type, for example, distin-
guishing instances of all strawberry objects. The localization
of such objects allows an autonomous robot to plan actions
to manipulate the identiﬁed objects. Finally, object tracking
is the problem of estimating the trajectory of an object within
a scene [5].
Image processing pipelines designed for such tasks must
balance the need for high accuracy models with the require-
1orcid.org/0000-0001-7718-4985
2orcid.org/0000-0003-3101-1960
3orcid.org/0000-0003-4589-0185
ments found within the agricultural domain, such as the
need to be executed in real-time, on robotic hardware in
remote locations. In addition, models must also overcome
issues concerning data availability and large perturbations in
image features such as illumination, brightness, occlusions
and object scale.
II. EXISTING ARCHITECTURES
While methods such as Hough transformations, random
forests,
support
vector
machines
and
Harr
cascades
have successfully been applied to computer vision tasks
(including in the agricultural domain [6]), advancements in
deep learning combined with the rapid growth of available
processing power has led to the domain being dominated by
Neural Networks (NN). Speciﬁcally, Convolutional Neural
Networks (CNNs) are well suited to image processing tasks
[7], as they leverage spatial information within the input
vector. Furthermore, shared feature banks allow CNNs to
be substantially deeper, without the exponential rise in
connections [2], which facilitates the learning of more
complex patterns.
Given few computational constraints, the ResNet [8]
and DenseNet [9] CNN architectures are rather ubiquitous
in computer vision tasks, but recent work has proposed
an
upgrade
to
them.
DSNet
uses
dense
normalized
shortcuts which mitigate the problem of ResNet’s tight
feature capacity [10], while also retaining less parameters
than DenseNet and avoiding its GPU memory issues
(see table I). This allows the model to achieve comparable
results with fewer layers (DSNet50 can match a ResNet152).
Architecture
Top-1(%)
memory (MB)
time (s)
ResNet50
24.01
3929
0.31
ResNet152
22.16
7095
0.63
DenseNet264
22.15
9981
0.60
DSNet50
22.49
4777
0.37
DS2Net50
22.03
5133
0.39
TABLE I
GPU MEMORY AND TRAINING TIME ON IMAGENET [10]; MEMORY
INDICATES THAT PER GPU AND TIME INDICATES THAT PER ITERATION
For object detection tasks, these models are often used
as the backbone of R-CNN architectures, such as Faster
R-CNN [11], which facilitate the identiﬁcation of multiple
objects in a scene. While these models offer sophisticated
ways of eliminating vanishing gradients in deep networks,
arXiv:2208.10580v1  [cs.RO]  22 Aug 2022
the size and complexity of these architectures often prove
prohibitive to on-board real-time execution for high-speed
agricultural robotics.
The
YOLO
architectures
are
commonplace
in
agri-
robotics due to their higher speed of execution, while
maintaining comparable performance to the alternative
models [12], [13]. For example, YOLOv3 is 100 times
faster than Faster-RCNN. Furthermore, with the release of
YOLOv4 [13], efﬁcient CNNs have achieved a ∼1.5 times
higher average precision score while maintaining the same
frame output availability under comparable computational
constraints.
III. LABELLED DATA AVAILABILITY
With
deep
architectures
outperforming
traditional
methods, the need for large, labelled datasets is increasingly
important. While there is a growing number of agricultural
datasets, there is a need to alleviate the reliance upon
such datasets as the labelling process is long and tedious,
and acquiring the data is often difﬁcult, expensive, or not
possible at all.
As labelling is often considered a bottleneck in deploying
models in new domains, there has been research on
simplifying the labelling process through reducing labels
to bounding boxes [14] or image-level labels [15]. While
bounding boxes may be effective for well deﬁned objects
with clear structure (such as a brightly coloured fruit against
a neutral backdrop), they are limited in their application
to complex, noisy environments such as separating crop
rows from weeds or grassland, whose boundaries are not
well deﬁned. Introduced in [16], a semantic graphic is a
graphical sketch whereby a complex object (e.g. a crop
row) is represented in the form of a simpliﬁed ﬁgure (e.g.
a straight green line), that is easier for the model to learn.
The primary advantage of this approach is that it allows for
the easy encoding of intuitive human knowledge. While this
is effective, it is predicated on the na¨ıve assumption that
the necessary agricultural data is abundant. Often acquiring
the data will be non-trivial and so alternate methods are
necessary to alleviate the data dependence.
Another possible solution is to augment datasets through
synthesising additional data-points. Since their release in
2014, Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) [17] have
been seen as an appealing topic to many researchers due
to their ability to be used as content creation tools. It
has been widely demonstrated that GANs can be used to
account for missing samples in data-sets of varying diversity.
Diseases and pest infestations in agricultural crops are one
of the major threats to plant quality. While the identiﬁcation
of these deleterious features is commonly left to machine
learning models [18], data scarcity often proves problematic
when training deep networks, leading to misclassiﬁcation. It
is shown by the authors of [19] that a Deep Convolutional
Generative Adversarial Network (DCGAN) can be used to
generate compellingly realistic plant leaf images (see ﬁgure
1), which are fairly often able to deceive networks tasked
with determining their legitimacy. Furthermore, an apple
lesion dataset was augmented with images generated using a
CycleGAN model [18], successfully increasing the available
data-pool for the detection network to train on. While the
CycleGAN is capable of generating novel data, it was trained
on the initial dataset and thus any generated images are
likely to be perturbations of the original data. While the
additional samples can improve robustness to noise in the
trained classiﬁer, it is unlikely to introduce new features that
must be learned and extracted; as such, there is a requirement
that the initial dataset sufﬁciently represents the features
necessary for identifying the relevant objects. Zhang et al.
[20] seek to alleviate such problems by introducing better
GAN-based architectures that outperform current state-of-
the-art in terms of traditional distribution quality metrics,
such as the StyleGAN architecture used to generate novel
images of cars, bedrooms, faces and birds [21]. While not
yet applied to agriculture, future work could see such models
applied to crop image data generation.
Fig. 1.
Fake leaf generation process [19]
Unsupervised pretraining may also be used, whereby a
network’s feature extractor layers are ﬁrst trained on a large,
unlabelled dataset, before their weights are frozen and the
later layers can be trained on a smaller, domain-speciﬁc
labelled dataset to ﬁne-tune the network’s performance.
As unlabelled data does not have ground-truth labels to
calculate model loss, alternative strategies must be utilised
to train models.
Autoencoders
play
a
fundamental
role
in
many
unsupervised
learning
architectures
[22].
They
consist
of an encoder which compresses an input vector into a
lower-dimensional latent representation, before a decoder
attempts to reconstruct this latent representation back into
the original input vector. This allows the network to be
trained using the input as ground truth to the output,
allowing the encoder network to learn to encode important
information from the input vector, thus resulting in a feature
extractor that has been pretrained on an unlabelled dataset.
Applications in agricultural aerial imaging have leveraged
autoencoder architectures to improve robustness in iron de-
ﬁciency chlorosis prediction in soybeans [23], a problem
which can lead to substantially reduced yield. Work has
also been conducted in utilising convolutional autoencoders
to reduce training parameters in a CNN-based plant disease
detection architecture [24].
Fig. 2.
MoCo Architecture [25]. The left network becomes the ﬁnal
classiﬁer network. The right network is the dictionary network, used to
facilitate the unsupervised learning methodology.
Alternative strategies frame unsupervised learning as a
dictionary look-up problem [26], whereby one network
encodes a stack of images into lower-dimensional latent
representations (keys to the dictionary) and the primary
network must then match a heavily augmented image
(dictionary query) to its corresponding lower-dimensional
representation.
These
approaches
are
being
improved
regularly, such as the use of momentum contrast learning
to facilitate larger dictionary sizes while still allowing the
matching of queries to up-to-date representations [25].
Unsupervised training is a desirable approach because it
alleviates the pressure of acquiring and labelling problem
speciﬁc data, but also because it can lead to improved ro-
bustness in models [23]. This is especially true if the labelled
dataset is imbalanced, as the generic feature extractor will not
be conditioned on this imbalanced data. Dictionary lookup
approaches have not yet seen widespread application in the
agricultural domain but, like other unsupervised models,
present a promising approach to developing robust object
detection or classiﬁcation models that can be used to aid
robotic manipulation and grasping. Further work is needed to
compare their efﬁcacy against other unsupervised paradigms
within the agri-foods domain.
IV. AGRICULTURAL CHALLENGES
Within an agricultural environment, perception can be used
to solve many challenges including: phenotyping, quality
analysis, and harvestability [1].
A. Phenotyping
Image-based plant phenotyping is concerned with the
effects of the genotype and environment of a plant on its
phenotype (i.e. its behaviour and characteristics) [27]. In
doing so, plant phenotyping plays a crucial role in selecting
desirable traits, and designing new crops, such as ones
that are resistant to environmental perturbations due to
climate change [28]. The development of robust computer
vision models is vital to creating a widespread, autonomous
platform for plant phenotyping capable of analysing large
scale
plant
imaging
data.
Common
challenges
within
phenotyping include the counting of crop leaves [29], [30],
the building of 3D crop models [31], and stem analysis
[32].
Leaf counting tasks is perhaps the most commonly
addressed
problem
within
phenotyping.
Leaf
counting
can serve as an important indicator as to the health or
growth stage of a crop, and when combined with robotic
manipulation, can facilitate autonomous purging of non-
desirable plants. Buzzy et al. [29] discuss the need for
on-board, real-time prediction when running on a mobile
robot capable of manoeuvring through the environment
autonomously. To accomplish this the YOLOv3 architecture
is used, leveraging an Android phone’s integrated camera
as image input. Pound et al. [33] further push the link to
robotic manipulation with a multi-task model that, trained
on a dataset of annotated wheat images, jointly predicts the
presence of a speciﬁc phenotype, as well as the location
of such features. The localisation could be leveraged to
facilitate the grasping of desirable crop.
Fig. 3.
Leaf Detection and Bounding Box Segmentation [29]
3D plant models can further provide detailed measure-
ments of plant phenomics, and can form a symbiotic re-
lationship with robotic manipulation. As seen in the pa-
per by Santos et al. [34], dense 3D point clouds may be
constructed by moving a camera around a plant, providing
detailed models that can be resistant to occlusions. While
[34] required a human operator to move the camera, it could
instead be placed towards the end effector of a robot arm;
allowing the robot to automate the model generation. Once
the models are constructed, they may be used to improve the
accuracy of grasp prediction and planning. 3D models have
been used to classify draught-induced stress in plant canopies
[31]. As plant canopys are often self-occluding and very
similar, 2D models are often insufﬁcient to accurately predict
the draught-induced stress placed upon them. To achieve
accurate predictions, a vision pipeline of 3D reconstruction,
segmentation and feature extraction is used, leveraging deep
networks at various stages of the process. While 3D models
may yield better results, processing them is often more
computationally expensive than their 2D counterparts, a trait
that may prove problematic for real-time processing on-board
high speed agricultural robotic systems.
B. Quality Analysis
The quality of a crop is of upmost importance when
monitoring and maintaining produce. Quality analysis, often
done by trained specialists, is the process of ensuring a crop
meets a certain standard by auditing for deleterious features
such as pests or disease [35]. Tedious and time consuming,
automating this process has long been of interest within the
agriculture sector.
Computer vision is a vital component to automating
quality analysis, as visual aberrations are common indicators
that a plant does not meet the required standards. As with
other agricultural problems, deep convolutional models once
again outperform alternative methods. The authors of [36]
propose a portable hyper-spectral imaging system to detect
Verticillium in strawberries, which is able to operate in
real-time. In the previous case, a Faster R-CNN with a
ResNet50 backbone, utilizing multi-task learning and an
attention mechanism is able to detect the disease in a
data-set of 3,531 images (56% training set, 14% validation
set, and 30% testing set) with an accuracy of 99.95% on
the 1,060 image test set. Similarly, Liu and Wang [35]
detects the presence of disease and pests on tomato plants.
Using a YOLOv3 architecture, augmented with multi-scale
feature detection based on image pyramid, the work achieves
92.39% detection accuracy with an average detection time of
20.39ms. It should be noted, however, that the experimental
setup leveraged the high speed Nvidia gtx 1080ti GPU, not
typically found in lightweight robotic systems.
C. Harvestability
Utilising automation to solve harvesting tasks for high
value crop is undoubtedly one of the main interests to
farmers. Produce harvesting is hard to automate as it is
multi-faceted, and thus well suited to human cognition.
Harvesting requires produce to be identiﬁed, localised and
tracked and have its harvestability predicted, before ﬁnally
being grasped for harvest. If machines are employed, op-
erators must execute harvesting commands with reference
to the crop remaining, and must navigate the appliances in
an optimized way to account for all produce that can be
harvested. Zhang et al. [37] focus on fruit tracking, exploiting
a Faster R-CNN to detect apples and their branches with
an accuracy of 82%. The network also estimates shaking
locations to determine which apples are certain to fall off
once the tree is shook. As discussed in section IV-B, Nie et
al. [36] propose a portable hyper-spectral imaging system
through the utilisation of AlexNet [7], which is able to
operate in real-time when classifying strawberry maturity
stages and achieves a classiﬁcation accuracy of 98.6%, albeit
on a rather small data-set consisting of only 240 images.
Other works have integrated similar vision systems with
robotic manipulators. For example, Bac et al. [38] ﬁrst
segment sweet-pepper plants from their background, before
classifying vegetation into hard (stem, fruit) and soft (leaf,
petiole) obstacles. These predictions not only allowed the
sweet-pepper to be identiﬁed, but also for a collision-free
path to be planned, such that a robotic manipulator may
harvest the fruit.
V. FOOD INDUSTRY CHALLENGES
In addition to the agricultural domain, robotics can also
be applied to a range of problems within the food industry,
classiﬁed into 3 problem domains: pick and place, packing,
and serving [39].
A. Pick and Place
Pick and place tasks are often integrated into the other
problem domains. For example, packing requires the picking
up of an object from their starting position, and placing
them into their packaging. Pick and place tasks are inter-
twined with the perception capabilities of the robot [40],
as classical solutions to pick and place tasks require either
object segmentation, or object recognition and pose esti-
mation prior to model-based grasp planning [41]. Modern,
data-driven approaches use convolutional neural networks to
provide bounding boxes or segmentations, followed by pose
estimation which can guide the subsequent picking up of
the object [42], [43]. As a clear visual representation of the
object is necessary for grasping and manipulation in other
domains too, solutions may already exist to further improve
the performance of food industry pick and place methods.
For example, Li et al. [44] propose an updated U-Net [45]
architecture with a residual unit to predict the graspable
parts of unknown objects by taking into account the size
of the graspable part of the object and the robot’s gripper,
facilitating the manipulation of a wider range of objects, thus
resulting in more robust grasping solutions.
B. Packing
In packing problems, robotic solutions have been largely
standardised, with decision making being subject to payload
speciﬁcations [39]. The continued development of complex
pick and place grasping methodologies presents new op-
portunities for packing robots to undertake more nuanced
challenges, such as sorting in cluttered environments where
the objects are prone to occlusions; in such environments,
robust perception architectures are necessary to accurately
conduct object segmentation and pose estimation. Zeng et
al. [43] leveraged a deep CNN to estimate the 6D pose of
objects present in the Amazon Picking Challenge. In this
challenge, robots must pick and place objects in challenging
scenarios. Primarily, the solutions must overcome: cluttered
environments where there are many objects in the scene, self-
occlusions due to limited camera positions, missing data due
to imperfect commercial-grade sensor equipment, and the
challenges around grasping small or deformable objects. This
work was proposed as a solution for warehouse robotics, an
area closely aligned with the packing of food goods, and thus
there is scope to apply such approaches to problems within
the agri-food domain.
C. Serving
Serving robotics are amongst the newest of agri-food
robotics; the domain is challenging as it requires resistance
to unexpected perturbations in the environment as the
robot systems are human user-facing. Serving robotics are
desirable as they reduce customer wait time, reduce the
cost of labour, and may be more precise - reducing the
number of accidents and incidents such as dropping plates
or drinks [46]. However, many current implementations
rely upon line following techniques, paired with IR, or
LIDAR to facilitate collision avoidance [46]–[48]. While
these systems are fairly robust and, due to the constraints of
the system, are able to operate within human environments,
the development of free-moving, vision-guided robotic
solutions could allow for more dynamic behaviour that
allows robots to undertake more responsibility and operate
with less constraints. Human aware navigation systems
exist [49], mostly leveraging robust navigation strategies
such as minimum required obstacle distance or stop-and-
wait strategies. While human aware navigation has seen
application in domains such as assistive living [50], [51],
they have not yet been widely applied to the food industry.
The development of robots for cooking is still in its
infancy. This environment is challenging as it requires the
high-speed and dexterous manipulation of a wide range
of objects, from soft and deformable food items to knives
and other dangerous cooking equipment. In other domains,
robots
must
also
operate
in
fast
paced
environments
such as using conveyor belts or other sequential process
dependant systems. In such cases systems tasked with
object representation must provide reliable real-time data
to enable the robot to physically engage with objects in its
environment. For example, Kasaei et al. [52] present a global
object descriptor that allows concurrent object identiﬁcation
and
pose
estimation
while
balancing
descriptiveness,
computation time, and memory use. There is a need to
extend such solutions to the domain of cooking robots
to achieve deployable solutions to consumer-facing food
places.
VI. DISCUSSION
Robotic perception strategies within the agri-foods domain
have been shown to successfully solve complex challenges
that would otherwise require a human worker to complete.
Solving such challenges is necessary to facilitate autonomous
robotic manipulation, and to further reduce the burden placed
on human experts by the growing agricultural industry. There
are many challenges that remain unsolved, such as access
to labelled data, the trade-off between accuracy and speed
of execution, and the need to further reﬁne and optimise
existing solutions to create robust, autonomous and deploy-
able systems. While these problems remain prevalent, there
are many methods and models within the ﬁeld of computer
vision that have yet to be applied to agricultural problems;
novel solutions may be necessary for some challenges, but
looking to other domains may provide answers without the
need to reinvent the wheel. As technology advances, novel
methods are released and often offer higher certainty, which
may also reinvent the reasoning by which computer vision
systems operate. It is still difﬁcult to achieve full autonomy
within the agri-food manipulation domain. Current works
in perception primarily solve isolated challenges, and while
these may be solved effectively, there are few solutions
that prove sufﬁciently robust and generalisable; such that
they may be deployed in real environments to alleviate the
growing pressures placed upon the food supply chain.
REFERENCES
[1] T.
Duckett,
S.
Pearson,
S.
Blackmore,
and
B.
Grieve,
“Agricultural
robotics:
The
future
of
robotic
agriculture,”
CoRR,
vol.
abs/1806.06762,
2018.
[Online].
Available:
http:
//arxiv.org/abs/1806.06762
[2] Y. LeCun, Y. Bengio, and G. Hinton, “Deep learning,” nature, vol.
521, no. 7553, pp. 436–444, 2015.
[3] C. Szegedy, A. Toshev, and D. Erhan, “Deep neural networks for object
detection,” 2013.
[4] S. Minaee, Y. Y. Boykov, F. Porikli, A. J. Plaza, N. Kehtarnavaz, and
D. Terzopoulos, “Image segmentation using deep learning: A survey,”
IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence, pp.
1–1, 2021.
[5] A. Yilmaz, O. Javed, and M. Shah, “Object tracking: A survey,” Acm
computing surveys (CSUR), vol. 38, no. 4, pp. 13–es, 2006.
[6] C. Marzan and N. Marcos, “Towards tobacco leaf detection using haar
cascade classiﬁer and image processing techniques,” 10 2018, pp. 63–
68.
[7] A. Krizhevsky, I. Sutskever, and G. E. Hinton, “Imagenet classiﬁcation
with deep convolutional neural networks,” in Advances in neural
information processing systems, 2012, pp. 1097–1105.
[8] K. He, X. Zhang, S. Ren, and J. Sun, “Deep residual learning
for image recognition,” CoRR, vol. abs/1512.03385, 2015. [Online].
Available: http://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385
[9] G. Huang and Z. L. andF Kilian Q. Weinberger, “Densely connected
convolutional networks,” CoRR, vol. abs/1608.06993, 2016. [Online].
Available: http://arxiv.org/abs/1608.06993
[10] C. Zhang, P. Benz, D. M. Argaw, S. Lee, J. Kim, F. Rameau,
J.-C. Bazin, and I. S. Kweon, “Resnet or densenet? introducing
dense shortcuts to resnet,” in Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF Winter
Conference on Applications of Computer Vision, 2021, pp. 3550–3559.
[11] S. Ren, K. He, R. Girshick, and J. Sun, “Faster r-cnn: Towards real-
time object detection with region proposal networks,” arXiv preprint
arXiv:1506.01497, 2015.
[12] J. Redmon and A. Farhadi, “Yolov3: An incremental improvement,”
2018.
[13] A. Bochkovskiy, C.-Y. Wang, and H.-Y. M. Liao, “Yolov4: Optimal
speed and accuracy of object detection,” 2020.
[14] G. Papandreou, L.-C. Chen, K. P. Murphy, and A. L. Yuille, “Weakly-
and semi-supervised learning of a deep convolutional network for se-
mantic image segmentation,” in Proceedings of the IEEE international
conference on computer vision, 2015, pp. 1742–1750.
[15] P. Pinheiro and R. Collobert, “Recurrent convolutional neural networks
for scene labeling,” in International conference on machine learning.
PMLR, 2014, pp. 82–90.
[16] S. P. Adhikari, H. Yang, and H. Kim, “Learning semantic graphics
using
convolutional
encoder–decoder
network
for
autonomous
weeding in paddy,” Frontiers in Plant Science, vol. 10, p. 1404,
2019. [Online]. Available: https://www.frontiersin.org/article/10.3389/
fpls.2019.01404
[17] I. J. Goodfellow, J. Pouget-Abadie, M. Mirza, B. Xu, D. Warde-
Farley, S. Ozair, A. Courville, and Y. Bengio, “Generative adversarial
networks,” arXiv preprint arXiv:1406.2661, 2014.
[18] Y. Tian, G. Yang, Z. Wang, E. Li, and Z. Liang, “Detection of apple
lesions in orchards based on deep learning methods of cyclegan and
yolov3-dense,” Journal of Sensors, vol. 2019, 2019.
[19] A. Radford, L. Metz, and S. Chintala, “Unsupervised representation
learning with deep convolutional generative adversarial networks,”
arXiv preprint arXiv:1511.06434, 2015.
[20] Y. Zhang, H. Ling, J. Gao, K. Yin, J.-F. Laﬂeche, A. Barriuso,
A. Torralba, and S. Fidler, “Datasetgan: Efﬁcient labeled data factory
with minimal human effort,” arXiv preprint arXiv:2104.06490, 2021.
[21] T. Karras, S. Laine, and T. Aila, “A style-based generator architecture
for generative adversarial networks,” in Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF
Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, 2019, pp.
4401–4410.
[22] P. Baldi, “Autoencoders, unsupervised learning, and deep architec-
tures,” in Proceedings of ICML workshop on unsupervised and transfer
learning.
JMLR Workshop and Conference Proceedings, 2012, pp.
37–49.
[23] J. Li, C. Oswald, G. L. Graef, and Y. Shi, “Improving model robustness
for soybean iron deﬁciency chlorosis rating by unsupervised pre-
training on unmanned aircraft system derived images,” Computers
and
Electronics
in
Agriculture,
vol.
175,
p.
105557,
2020.
[Online]. Available: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/
S016816992030483X
[24] P. Bedi and P. Gole, “Plant disease detection using hybrid model based
on convolutional autoencoder and convolutional neural network,”
Artiﬁcial Intelligence in Agriculture, 2021.
[25] K. He, H. Fan, Y. Wu, S. Xie, and R. Girshick, “Momentum contrast
for unsupervised visual representation learning,” in Proceedings of the
IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,
2020, pp. 9729–9738.
[26] K. Chatﬁeld, V. S. Lempitsky, A. Vedaldi, and A. Zisserman, “The
devil is in the details: an evaluation of recent feature encoding
methods.” in BMVC, vol. 2, no. 4, 2011, p. 8.
[27] H. Scharr, T. P. Pridmore, and S. A. Tsaftaris, “Editorial: Computer
vision problems in plant phenotyping, cvppp 2017 – introduction
to the cvppp 2017 workshop papers,” in Proceedings of the IEEE
International Conference on Computer Vision (ICCV) Workshops, Oct
2017.
[28] J.
M.
Costa,
J.
Marques
da
Silva,
C.
Pinheiro,
M.
Bar´on,
P. Mylona, M. Centritto, M. Haworth, F. Loreto, B. Uzilday,
I. Turkan, and M. M. Oliveira, “Opportunities and limitations
of crop phenotyping in southern european countries,” Frontiers
in Plant Science, vol. 10, p. 1125, 2019. [Online]. Available:
https://www.frontiersin.org/article/10.3389/fpls.2019.01125
[29] M. Buzzy, V. Thesma, M. Davoodi, and J. Mohammadpour Velni,
“Real-time plant leaf counting using deep object detection networks,”
Sensors, vol. 20, no. 23, p. 6896, 2020.
[30] E. Prasetyo, R. D. Adityo, N. Suciati, and C. Fatichah, “Mango
leaf image segmentation on hsv and ycbcr color spaces using otsu
thresholding,” in 2017 3rd International Conference on Science and
Technology-Computer (ICST).
IEEE, 2017, pp. 99–103.
[31] S. Srivastava, S. Bhugra, B. Lall, and S. Chaudhury, “Drought stress
classiﬁcation using 3d plant models,” in Proceedings of the IEEE
International Conference on Computer Vision (ICCV) Workshops, Oct
2017.
[32] S. Das Choudhury, S. Goswami, S. Bashyam, A. Samal, and T. Awada,
“Automated stem angle determination for temporal plant phenotyping
analysis,” in Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on
Computer Vision (ICCV) Workshops, Oct 2017.
[33] M. P. Pound, J. A. Atkinson, D. M. Wells, T. P. Pridmore, and
A. P. French, “Deep learning for multi-task plant phenotyping,” in
Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Computer Vision
(ICCV) Workshops, Oct 2017.
[34] T. T. Santos, L. V. Koenigkan, J. G. A. Barbedo, and G. C. Rodrigues,
“3d plant modeling: Localization, mapping and segmentation for plant
phenotyping using a single hand-held camera,” in Computer Vision -
ECCV 2014 Workshops, L. Agapito, M. M. Bronstein, and C. Rother,
Eds.
Cham: Springer International Publishing, 2015, pp. 247–263.
[35] J. Liu and X. Wang, “Tomato diseases and pests detection based
on improved yolo v3 convolutional neural network,” Frontiers
in Plant Science, vol. 11, p. 898, 2020. [Online]. Available:
https://www.frontiersin.org/article/10.3389/fpls.2020.00898
[36] X. Nie, L. Wang, H. Ding, and M. Xu, “Strawberry verticillium wilt
detection network based on multi-task learning and attention,” IEEE
Access, vol. 7, pp. 170 003–170 011, 2019.
[37] J. Zhang, M. Karkee, Q. Zhang, X. Zhang, M. Yaqoob, L. Fu,
and S. Wang, “Multi-class object detection using faster r-cnn and
estimation of shaking locations for automated shake-and-catch apple
harvesting,” Computers and Electronics in Agriculture, vol. 173,
p. 105384, 2020. [Online]. Available: https://www.sciencedirect.com/
science/article/pii/S0168169919327073
[38] C. Bac, J. Hemming, and E. van Henten, “Robust pixel-based
classiﬁcation of obstacles for robotic harvesting of sweet-pepper,”
Computers and Electronics in Agriculture, vol. 96, pp. 148–162, 2013.
[Online]. Available: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/
S0168169913001099
[39] J. Iqbal, Z. H. Khan, and A. Khalid, “Prospects of robotics in food
industry,” Food Science and Technology (Campinas), vol. 37, pp. 159–
165, 04 2017.
[40] S. H. Kasaei, M. Oliveira, G. H. Lim, L. S. Lopes, and A. M. Tom´e,
“Towards lifelong assistive robotics: A tight coupling between object
perception and manipulation,” Neurocomputing, vol. 291, pp. 151–166,
2018.
[41] A. Zeng, S. Song, K.-T. Yu, E. Donlon, F. R. Hogan, M. Bauza,
D. Ma, O. Taylor, M. Liu, E. Romo, N. Fazeli, F. Alet, N. C. Daﬂe,
R. Holladay, I. Morena, P. Qu Nair, D. Green, I. Taylor, W. Liu,
T. Funkhouser, and A. Rodriguez, “Robotic pick-and-place of novel
objects in clutter with multi-affordance grasping and cross-domain
image matching,” in 2018 IEEE International Conference on Robotics
and Automation (ICRA), 2018, pp. 3750–3757.
[42] M. Schwarz, A. Milan, C. Lenz, A. Mu˜noz, A. S. Periyasamy,
M. Schreiber, S. Sch¨uller, and S. Behnke, “Nimbro picking: Versatile
part handling for warehouse automation,” in 2017 IEEE International
Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA), 2017, pp. 3032–
3039.
[43] A. Zeng, K.-T. Yu, S. Song, D. Suo, E. W. J. au2, A. Rodriguez,
and J. Xiao, “Multi-view self-supervised deep learning for 6d pose
estimation in the amazon picking challenge,” 2017.
[44] Y. Li, L. Schomaker, and S. H. Kasaei, “Learning to grasp 3d
objects using deep residual u-nets,” in 2020 29th IEEE International
Conference on Robot and Human Interactive Communication (RO-
MAN), 2020, pp. 781–787.
[45] O. Ronneberger, P. Fischer, and T. Brox, “U-net: Convolutional
networks for biomedical image segmentation,” in International Confer-
ence on Medical image computing and computer-assisted intervention.
Springer, 2015, pp. 234–241.
[46] N. Malik, N. Rani, P. A. Singh, and S. Pragya, “Review paper on-
serving robot new generation electronic waiter,” IJIRST–International
Journal for Innovative Research in Science & Technology, vol. 2,
no. 11, pp. 775–777, 2016.
[47] A. Hamid, S. Hamdany, L. Albak, R. Raﬁ, and R. Al-Nima, “Wireless
waiter robot,” 12 2019.
[48] M. Asif, M. Sabeel, and K. Mujeeb-ur Rahman, “Waiter robot-solution
to restaurant automation,” in Proceedings of the 1st student multi
disciplinary research conference (MDSRC), At Wah, Pakistan, 2015,
pp. 14–15.
[49] T. Kruse, A. K. Pandey, R. Alami, and A. Kirsch, “Human-aware robot
navigation: A survey,” Robotics and Autonomous Systems, vol. 61,
no. 12, pp. 1726–1743, 2013.
[50] D. Vasquez, P. Stein, J. Rios-Martinez, A. Escobedo, A. Spalanzani,
and C. Laugier, “Human aware navigation for assistive robotics,” in
Experimental Robotics.
Springer, 2013, pp. 449–462.
[51] J. Rios-Martinez, A. Escobedo, A. Spalanzani, and C. Laugier, “Inten-
tion driven human aware navigation for assisted mobility,” in Workshop
on Assistance and Service robotics in a human environment at IROS,
2012.
[52] S. H. Kasaei, A. M. Tom´e, L. S. Lopes, and M. Oliveira, “Good:
A global orthographic object descriptor for 3d object recognition
and manipulation,” Pattern Recognition Letters, vol. 83, pp. 312–320,
2016.
